{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19160\viewh11280\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The C-programs in this folder generate the data as shown in Figure 3 and resemble the numerical results of the block experiments. The parameter are set as in the paper and the supplementary material stated. The block happen at time point t =15000 s.\
\
The four C-programs\
\
basic_V5block_histone_reg.c\
basic_V5block_DNA_reg.c\
basic_V1block_histone_reg.c\
basic_V1block_DNA_reg.c\
\
generate data for the V5 block in the histone feedback loop and DNA coupled model and the V1 in both models. Compilation and plotting is organised as for the basic models with normal S-phase (Figure 2). The auxiliary gnuplot scripts are included in the folder. The four bash scripts can be used to compile the C-programs, run the simulations, generate the postscript files with gnuplot and open the ps-files with ghost view finally.\
\
run_histone_V5block.sh\
run_DNA_V5block.sh\
run_histone_V1block.sh\
run_DNA_V1block.sh\
\
\
Please note, running the programs will replace the previous results. All four programs write into the same file, i.e. will replace results each other.\
\
Please note the V1 block simulations require a significant shorter integration step as predefined in the C=programs. The programs run significant longer than the V5 block simulation and the simulations in the other folders. For further simulations the simple Euler algorithm should be replacers by more sophisticated routine. We kept the simple and not optimal Euler routine to preserve the same structure and routine in all provided codes.}